## 💻 WEB_AfterMid

Welcome to the WEB_AfterMid repository! Here you'll find all the code and resources used in our web development class from mid to final term. You can use this repository to access classwork, tasks, and projects, as well as to suggest changes or improvements.

### 🔽 Downloading Files

You can download individual files from this repository by following these steps:

1. Navigate to the file you want to download in your web browser.
2. Click on the file name to view its contents.
3. Right-click the `Raw` button at the top right of the screen.
4. Click `Save link as` or `Save target as`.
5. Choose where you want to save the file on your computer.

You can download entire folders from this repository by following these steps:

1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the downloaded folder to be saved.
3. Type the following command and replace `[repository URL]` with the URL of your repository and `[folder name]` with the name of the folder you want to download:

```wget --recursive --no-parent [repository URL]/tree/master/[folder name]```

For example, if your repository URL is `https://github.com/username/my-repo` and the folder you want to download is named `my-folder`, the command would look like this:

```wget --recursive --no-parent https://github.com/username/my-repo/tree/master/my-folder```

4. Press Enter to run the command.
5. The folder and all its contents should now be downloaded to your current directory.

If you don't have `wget` installed on your computer, you can download it from the official website:

- 💻 [Download `wget` for Windows](https://eternallybored.org/misc/wget/)
- 🐧 [Download `wget` for Linux](https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/)

### 📥 Downloading the Repository

To download the entire WEB_AfterMid repository, follow these steps:

1. Click the `Code` button at the top right of the repository home page.
2. Click `Download ZIP`.
3. Save the ZIP file to your computer.
4. Extract the contents of the ZIP file to a folder on your computer.

### 💬 Making Suggestions or Changes

If you have a suggestion for improving this repository or notice an issue with the code, you can create an issue or start a discussion. To create an issue, follow these steps:

1. Click the `Issues` tab at the top of the repository home page.
2. Click the `New Issue` button on the right side of the screen.
3. Fill out the issue template with your suggestion or issue.

### ⭐ Give Your Support

If you find this repository helpful, please consider starring it by clicking the `Star` button at the top right of the page. Your star helps other students find the repository and shows appreciation for the work put into it. Thank you for your support!

🤖 README.md file content generated by ChatGPT, because nobody likes writing documentation. 🤖🙅‍♂️💻

